[THEME MUSIC]
>> Consider for a moment that
intelligent beings from other
planets have arrived on
Earth and have observed us
for at least the past 75 years,
and probably much longer.
Consider that their
presence was more
evident from the detonation
of atomic bombs in 1945.
[EXPLOSION]
Since then, dozens of
unidentified aerial phenomena
have been reported
around nuclear facilities
where, according
to these reports,
they've manipulated and even
neutralized the operation
of nuclear missiles.
Consider the
possibility that they're
concerned about humanity
and what could happen
if an atomic incident occurred.
If this is truly the case,
then might the events that
transpired on December
9, 2009 at the Kremlin,
and again on December 19,
2018 over the Pentagon
be a warning to humanity about
the direction we're heading?
December 9, 2009
three young men--
Dimitri Kazantse, Irakli,
and Robert Voltek--
were driving in a car around
Red Square, close to the Kremlin
in Moscow.
Between the hours of 4:00
and 5:00 in the morning,
they observed something
extraordinary.
A pyramid-shaped object
several hundred meters long
was hovering over the Kremlin.
>> [SPEAKING RUSSIAN]
>> This incident was covered
on YouTube, the Russian media,
and made worldwide
headlines after it was seen.
>> [SPEAKING RUSSIAN]
>> The Kremlin has
been circled by UFO.
>> [SPEAKING RUSSIAN]
>> The prestigious daily,
The Telegraph of England,
published the news
with the title,
A UFO pyramid reported
over the Kremlin.
According to the
article, a giant pyramid
that appears to be a UFO
caused a frenzy of speculation
in Russia that it
was an alien ship.
Witnesses claim that it was
over a kilometer in size
and that the police
declined to comment.
The Telegraph also
reported that witnesses
stated that the object remained
in place for several hours
and that the Russian
aerospace experts had
no idea what it was.
>> They didn't know what it was.
They didn't think it was a UFO.
They think it was dangerous.
They just thought
that probably it
was something related
to the weather
because it was announced some
days before that Russia was
going to prove different
technology to try
to control the weather.
And they thought at that
moment that probably this
was related to that.
However, since they didn't
see anything in the papers
right away, they upload
this video to YouTube
and then exploded in Russia.
And everybody saw it, and
thanks to that, we in Mexico
and in the United States, we
all saw this huge pyramid,
but nobody said anything.
It was just curious.
Another thing that
is very important
is that the pyramid was
there for three hours.
Three hours.
From 5 o'clock in the morning
to probably 8:15 in the morning.
>> At dawn, just before 8:00
in the morning local time,
the pyramid was recorded again.
You can see the tetrahedron
from a greater distance
just as the sun's
light was appearing.
>> The daylight was
really starting to show.
It was very clear, and we
have this beautiful image
where you can see the
big pyramid completely
in daylight 8:15 in the morning,
also very near the Red Square.
>> This suggests that the giant
object remained over Red Square
for at least three hours without
any fighter aircraft being
deployed, without any defense
action having been carried out.
[MISSILE LAUNCHING]
Considering Russia is one of
the most protected and powerful
nations in the
world, why was there
no decisive military response?
>> We have to ask ourselves,
if this was a real incident,
if there really was a large
pyramidal structure hovering
over the Kremlin, in this
very sensitive airspace,
why weren't jets
scrambled into there?
Can you imagine if we
scrambled jets into that area,
we would force confrontation,
which I believe in this case,
they didn't want to
be the aggressors.
They figured, let's
just watch and wait.
Let's just see if this is
a peaceful observation.
Because if they were the first
ones to start a provocation,
this would be
international news.
It would cause fear and panic.
And I don't think
anyone wanted that.
>> I don't think it's all
technology because there is
nothing like this,
not even close.
This pyramid, this object
didn't have engines,
didn't have any kind of support.
It was just floating there.
No wings, no nothing, not
movement, just floating.
Had to be a balloon, but
this was not a balloon.
This was not a hologram.
This was something
that was hovering
by itself above the most
secret place on Earth.
What would happen if this
object destroys this airplane
or if this airplane crashes in
the middle of the Red Square?
How could the
Russians explain that?
They decided just to keep quiet.
They never said anything.
>> [SPEAKING RUSSIAN]
>> Both of them were presented
on the television in Russia,
and I believe they still think
that this was a real event.
>> [SPEAKING RUSSIAN]
>> In addition to the presence
of the giant tetrahedron over
the Kremlin, on the
morning of December 9th,
another mystery
presented itself.
In northern Norway, an
extraordinary spiral
appeared in the sky.
>> Many people suggested that
the bright light pattern might
have been a UFO until
Russia finally admitted
to the accident.
[MISSILE LAUNCHING]
They confirmed that a Bulava
ballistic missile test launched
from the White Sea had failed,
and it happened the same day
as the pyramid over the
Kremlin, both things
at the very early
hours of the morning.
This is no coincidence.
>> It is very clear that
both events are connected.
It's very clear that
this pyramid somehow
was trying to send a message,
a warning to the Russians
that this space couldn't be
used for military purposes.
And that is why
for the first time,
we saw a spiral, so
perfect, so incredible,
that it was considered one of
the most strange events ever.
>> The very next day,
on December 10, 2009,
President Obama is in Norway to
accept his Nobel Peace Prize.
In a 36-minute speech,
he discussed the tensions
between war and peace.
>> The absence of hope can
rot a society from within.
And that's why there's
little scientific dispute
that if we do nothing, we
will face more drought,
more famine, more mass
displacement-- all of which
will fuel more
conflict for decades.
>> This is very hard to
dismiss as a coincidence.
President Obama
delivers a peace speech
for his Nobel Peace Prize
commemoration in Norway,
when just the day before that
spirally missiles on display
at the same time that
the tetrahedron object
appears over the Kremlin?
>> When I look at all these
three events all occurring
in the same 36-hour
period, practically,
I never see coincidence.
I believe in a lot of
things, a lot of things,
because I've seen them.
But I don't believe
in coincidence.
These things, I believe,
are connected somehow.
We need to see patterns, clues,
real clues, regular clues,
dispositive clues, and
we need to connect these
and see the patterns and see
how they could all be connected.
>> What if the rotating
tetrahedron appearing over
the Kremlin is of unknown
extraterrestrial origin?
What might the significance
of this extraordinary event
suggest?
>> This cannot be ignored.
I believe this is
a communication
to promote world peace.
This is what the
extraterrestrials want,
and this is what humanity
desperately needs.
>> Nine years and nine months
later, on December 19, 2018,
the same pyramid-shaped object--
>> Look up, look up, man.
>> --was observed and recorded
by at least four witnesses from
three different locations
hovering very close
to the Pentagon
in Washington, DC.
How could a pyramid hover in
the airspace above the two
most sensitive and
secure political military
establishments on this planet?
If real, these
two cases could be
amongst the most
significant events
in the history of
unidentified aerial phenomena.
The implications
are extraordinary
and raise many questions.
Alex was one of the
witnesses from that night.
>> I saw something hovering
over the Pentagon, far away.
I did not understand
what is this.
It was a black, big object.
I tried to film it with my
iPhone, but it didn't exist.
It was just pitch black sky.
But with my camera Nikon,
I could make some shots,
and so that's the story.
But my life became really scary.
Just come on the way,
we shouldn't picture.
Well, basically I was
afraid to leave because I
didn't know what the place.
>> He was working on a
photography project around 4:00
in the morning at Arlington
National Cemetery when he
captured this video.
Alex estimated the size of
this tetrahedron-shaped object
to the best of his abilities,
which was somewhere between 300
to 600 feet at the base.
Two other witnesses also
recorded the incident.
Richard and Nick were at a
party that night with friends.
Around 4:00 in the morning,
they were driving in a taxi
when they observed
a large object
floating above the Pentagon.
>> Look up.
Look up, man.
>> They thought it was
a joke or a hologram.
However, they decided to drive
around the area several times
to take a closer look
at what was in the sky.
These are the remarkable
images they captured.
>> So my first reaction
was this is very strange.
My second reaction was
we've got to record this.
And my first reaction was why
is it just around the Pentagon?
Why did I never see
anything like this before?
And why am I only seeing it now?
And yeah, that was in Pentagon
early in the morning, not too
many people around.
My first reaction was,
what the hell is this?
>> I work in the music industry
so I'm seeing a lot of light
shows, but this is the Pentagon.
It's not my house
or your house, it's
not somebody's neighborhood.
It's the Pentagon.
So when you see this,
my first reaction
was it's going to be a joke.
But then I thought it can't
be a joke because the morning,
it's 4:00 in the morning.
Who's going to do a joke
and why you do a joke?
Because you do a joke because
you want people to see.
You don't do a joke at
4:00 in the morning.
So, well, I don't--
I try not to believe
in anything strange.
I don't know.
I don't know what the
purpose was of this.
I don't know.
>> The second video of the
object was recorded a few
minutes later, very
close to the Pentagon,
as they were traveling
under Interstate 395.
They eventually had to exit on
Washington's South Boulevard
to avoid reaching the
Pentagon's restricted area.
The Pentagon is one of the
most highly secure institutions
on the planet.
Why there?
Was it a warning?
Was it a message?
Was it a communication attempt?
And why over the Kremlin and the
Pentagon, in the two countries
with the greatest nuclear
power in the world?
>> We have another
witness, Farou.
Farou comes from
the Middle East.
Farou is married to
an American woman.
He was walking his dog,
3 o'clock in the morning
at the Air Force Monument.
From there, he saw it.
And this with witness,
Farou, is the first one
who was able to record
it with a cell phone.
>> And I was squinting because
it was very difficult to see
because there were a
few clouds in the sky.
But I could make out
the shape of a pyramid.
It's a three-sided pyramid,
the bottom of the pyramid
was lighter than
the sides, and it
was rotating on its own axis.
It was floating.
So it wasn't moving left
or right, up and down,
it's just rotating on its own
axis like above the Pentagon.
So I took up my mobile because
I was very surprised, of course.
So I like, wow, what
the hell is that?
So I took off my mobile
and I try to film it.
>> The image is good.
You can see it's
further away, you
can see the pyramid
is smaller, you
can see the river,
the Potomac River,
you can see one airplane coming
down and probably landing
at the National
Airport in Washington.
You have so many details
in this last video.
They recorded this
with a camera.
We have four different
videos recorded
from four different angles.
These people don't
know each other.
They were in
different activities.
I mean, this is the
most important sighting
in the history of UFO.
And considering
this is a hologram,
would you do a hologram
above the Pentagon?
What could happen to you?
Could they accuse
you of terrorism?
Could they put you
in jail for years
just because you did a hologram?
And again, the holograms
don't reflect the lights
from the city.
A hologram, you can
see through them
even though they are good--
the hologram, you
see through them.
>> Here we have this large
pyramidal structure that's all
black.
It's got this really low
reflective surface to it,
and it's just sort of hovering
there and moving around
in this circuitous pattern.
And the witnesses that
are seeing this thing,
they can't believe their eyes.
It's absolutely shocking.
>> Due to the poor quality of
both the Kremlin and Pentagon
videos, there are a number of
people who suggest that this is
nothing more than a CGI hoax.
Mark D'Antonio is the Mutual
UFO Network's chief photo/video
analyst with a
degree in astronomy.
>> These videos purport to
show a pyramidal UFO over
the Pentagon.
If you can get past the
problem with anything appearing
over the Pentagon not
being responded to
by jet fighters, which to me
is a very, very long shot,
then you have to look
at just the UFO and say,
OK, is there anything
in this UFO object
that shows that it
might not be real?
And in one of those
videos, I could
see when the
pyramid rotated, you
can actually see how
a light hotspot that
is a bright spot from a light
was traveling up the side.
Where you get that, you could
take out a piece of metal
reflect it through light and
it'll diffuse light down here,
you'll actually see that the
light spot moving along the
faces.
But that's not what
we see in the video.
There's many lights everywhere.
So at the very least, the
light should have been diffused
and even as it was rotating,
generally it would fade,
generally it would brighten.
There wouldn't be
hot spots on it.
That's what I noticed.
And that's a problem.
And what that does
unfortunately is
it puts a shadow over
all the other videos
that we saw from America anyway
as possibly being generated
from the same fake object.
Are they all in cahoots
with each other?
I can't say.
I do not believe for one second
that the government would just
sit idly by while there's
a threat over our most
secure installation in America.
Just my opinion.
>> This is not a CGI hoax
because here's the reason why.
Do you how much
trouble a person would
get in just messing around
with the military structure
of the two biggest
nations on the Earth?
I just think of the
idea of just having
FSB, which is KGB, and FBI on
your doorstep, just arresting.
It just makes it
much less likely
that this is some
kind of CGI hoax.
It just Isn't.
It just isn't.
People would not mess at this
level with the kind of trouble
that they would get in.
That's the first thing
that jumps out at me.
>> If this were CGIs, if these
were people trying to make
money or fame, you would
find that right away.
It's very easy to find that.
When you have so many
witnesses, witnesses that
don't know each other, that
they tell you their own story,
and that they are in very
sensitive situations.
If you were coming
from the Middle East
and you are trying to find
your residence in the US,
you are going to hoax something
like this above the Pentagon?
And you are hiding in a very
important military cemetery,
are you going to hoax
something from there?
>> One of the things about
becoming an experienced
investigator, having done so
many of these investigations
over so many decades, is
that you develop a good sense
for what's called the nature
of things, how people act.
There's never a graphic artist
that takes credit for it,
says, hey, you know, I did this.
I did this.
Well, that's against
human nature.
It's not-- that's not real.
That's not true
because hoaxers, these
are people who are artists,
who would be artists.
They would want credit
for the work they do.
That's how we know that the
pyramids over the Pentagon,
over the Kremlin,
you know, that would
be a significant piece of art
and a significant piece of work
to be done if it
were done by hoaxers.
And they would step forward
to take that credit.
They would, that's
absolutely true.
>> If this is not a hoax, one
of the more compelling questions
remains--
why was there no
military response
in either Russia or
the United States
to protect the most sensitive
airspace in the world?
>> Would you bring
combat planes?
Would you attack this
object above the Pentagon
or the Kremlin?
Just think about it.
Could you imagine
an F-15 or an F-35
encountering a craft more
than three times its size?
What if the pyramid crashed
in Washington, DC or Moscow,
can you imagine
the scenario then?
I don't think they wanted that.
It was so much better to
just respond in silence
and let it go.
If we don't do anything,
it'll be a non-event at least
to the public.
>> I've written about
this extensively.
It's 1952 over Washington,
DC, was the last time
in the Western world
that an entire Air
Force was sent out after UFOs.
And the reason is because
these instances occurred over
14 days, over some of the
most protected airspace
in the United States,
right over the Jefferson
Memorial, the monument area
there in Washington, DC.
And they were buzzing
all over the place.
Our entire Air Force,
many jets were sent out
after those refers UFOs.
These UFOs embarrassed, terribly
embarrassed our entire Air
Force but did not destroy them.
Amazingly did not destroy them.
But what they did was they
received every jet plane that
came after them, and the UFOs
did loop-de-loops around them,
they did over and unders, they
did backwards, forwards, they
played with every
one of those planes.
And they showed them
that they could easily
have destroyed every
single one of those planes
if they had wanted to.
And it was such an
embarrassment after 14 days
that the Air Force
was just called back.
And that instance
was never repeated
anywhere in the Western
world ever again
where a bunch of planes
were just sent out.
People have sent out one or two
planes afterwards, but never
again just a massive
wave of planes.
And that's because we
realized that we cannot,
we really can't control those
skies when the UFOs show up.
They have technology that
we just cannot deal with.
And I think that realization
is remembered even today
because there's a lot
more caution with dealing
with those.
>> Beyond the tetrahedron
appearing over the Pentagon
in 2018, another significant
event took place.
[CAMERA CLICKS]
Later that very same day,
President Donald Trump
signed a memorandum officially
creating the United States
Space Command.
Is this a coincidence
or a meaningful message?
>> When I learned
that on December 18th,
President Trump had signed this
document creating the US Space
Combat Command, then I knew that
I had this piece of the puzzle
to be able to understand
what was the meaning of this
sighting.
>> This is beyond coincidence.
>> I think now, we are seeing
a complete picture of both
events.
It means that is
really a warning.
It means that they
are telling us
that we shouldn't use the
space for military reasons,
and that is the reason for me.
We have to respect that and
we have to understand this
because that's something else.
This is amazing.
>> Only a few weeks after
the Pentagon incident,
there was an elaborate attempt
to discredit this citing.
A video at the United Nations
featuring Aliya Prokofyeva, CEO
of a Moscow-based
space initiative,
was released to the public.
The video was allegedly
captured via hidden camera,
depicting a UN closed
meeting with NASA, confirming
the presence of an
extraterrestrial pyramid-shaped
object over the Pentagon.
>> [SPEAKING RUSSIAN]
>> In the video of a supposed
speech at the United Nations,
Aliya announces
that a large object,
about 100 meters in diameter,
flew over the Pentagon at no
more than 500 meters high.
According to warnings in the
video, copying was prohibited.
The sound is very defective
and cannot be compared with
the genuine voice of Ms. Aliya.
The English subtitles are a
faithful copy of the speech.
>> [SPEAKING RUSSIAN]
>> This video was released
on January 29, 2019.
However, the identity
of the person
who originally
uploaded the images
deleted all of their
personal information.
It was only possible to
obtain the information
of the first YouTube user
who copied the video.
Just two days later,
on January 31st,
another user claimed
to have discovered
that it was a forgery.
According to the
researcher, the figure
of Turkish Prime Minister
Recep Tayyip Erdogan
was replaced with that
of the Russian CEO
in an exceptional piece of
computer-generated imaging.
Here, we can see the original
recording of the speech
from the Prime
Minister of Turkey.
It is a very
sophisticated manipulation
of a video demonstrating
a high level of expertise.
When carefully comparing both
images, the deception is clear.
Without actually knowing
that this is a manipulation,
the new version is almost
impossible to detect.
It is evident that
this extraordinary work
was done by highly-skilled
professionals.
But why?
Is it possible that the UN
video was created as a hoax
to generate confusion toward the
authenticity of the event that
occurred over the Pentagon?
>> I've seen this
in other places.
There's two levels of this.
This hoax video at
the United Nations
was created by a psychological
operation from the Cabal.
And they had the cooperation
of this lady, this Aliya,
and the reason that they do
these operations, number one,
is to try to take
control of the agenda
because they believe that the
pyramid appearances are going
to continue into
the future, perhaps
over other military
installations in other nations.
The second level
that I know of is
that if it is found
to be a fraud, then
they will qualify the
entire phenomena as a fraud
even though there's
no other indications
that the pyramids are fraud.
By connecting this United
Nations announcement which
is a fraud to the
pyramid phenomena,
then it makes people believe
the whole phenomena qualifies
as a fraud.
>> Whether the pyramid-shaped
object in these videos are
proven to be authentic
is yet to be determined,
but the UN video announcing
extraterrestrial contact is
definitely a hoax.
>> How could someone could knew
every single speech from the UN
and be able to change
one character for another
character?
It's almost impossible.
It means that the same
person who did the hoax
did the finding of the hoax.
Nobody knows who did the
original video the real hoax
and who demonstrated
that this was a hoax.
There is no names
though under that.
It means that they wanted to
discredit not just these hoax
in this video,
but they also want
to discredit any
video related to this.
And that is why they did it.
>> This video of the UN reminds
me of another occurrence that
was very similar to
this whole operation.
On January 11, 2011, I
had a task force operation
that was going on in Israel.
There's nothing secret about
it because it came to nothing.
The reason it came
to nothing was
because suddenly our
operators in the ground
told us the operation is over.
We have had the arrival, the
same thing this woman is saying
about the pyramids that
alien visitors have
arrived in Jerusalem and
everybody is going nuts.
Well, what occurred
is we had this sort--
it looked like a plasma
UFO and it came down,
there was 1:00 in the morning in
Jerusalem, a residential area.
So there were lots of
civilians out and tourists.
>> You can almost
hardly look at it.
>> And so we have lots
of genuine videos of this
phenomena from different
angles from many witnesses,
and it really happened.
>> Whoa.
>> Well, I had a visit from
a senior government official.
His name is Milsud.
He said by the morning, you'll
have a bunch of fake videos
that will be uploaded to
take over the algorithm.
At that time, we didn't
even know what that meant.
To take over the algorithm
of these millions
of people going to look
up, Dome of the Rock UFO.
Dome of the Rock UFO, that's
what everybody was looking for.
And he said, there will
be lots of fake videos,
and this whole thing
will be quashed.
>> Holy shit.
>> And he told us that he is
from people who oversee this
sort of things, that he
is someone who takes care
of things because people are not
ready to know the truth about
alien visitors.
By the next day, happened
exactly as he said.
All the original, the real
videos were taken down
and fake sort of
CGI-looking crappy videos
were uploaded under the
algorithm Dome of the Rock UFO.
And in the same way, I see this
operation Cabal operation over
at the UN.
>> Then again, they declare the
video is a hoax and the great
part about that is you
could just dismiss it all,
deny everything, and
it didn't happen.
>> I can tell you categorically
that as an FBI agent retired
who's done 25 years
of investigations,
who has investigated
numerous UFO phenomena,
I found both authentic,
and I found frauds also.
I can tell you categorically,
the pyramid incidents
over the Kremlin and
over the Pentagon
appear to be absolutely valid,
authentic UFO phenomena.
That's what it looks like to me.
>> I've been journalist
investigative reporter for 50
years.
And what really convinced
me about these two cases
being real is that in
every one of those cases,
there were more than one
witness, more than one video.
I was the only one
who has approach
to the witnesses in Russia
and in the United States.
They were surprised.
They never thought
that this was a UFO.
They thought it
was something else
until I made them think
that this was probably
something extraordinary.
>> When you look at all the
events going around these two
separate UAP incidents over
the symbols of world power
and force, these are the
extraterrestrials sending us
the signal to say, we know
you have advanced technologies
and you really need to
go the way of peace.
>> I think the take-away message
is that we are watching you,
we are maintaining
stability on your actions,
and we may interfere again,
depending on what kinds
of missiles are being sent
over what types of countries
in the future.
And so I think that's
a good message.
I think it's a very
positive message.
And I think missiles interfered
with, missiles stopped,
my first thought is
benevolent alien visitors
interference with this
in a good positive way.
That's what I see.
>> I think it's so
important this case.
It's even more
important than Roswell.
This is the most important
case ever because it involves
the Kremlin, involves
the Pentagon,
involves a huge
UFO that was there
not just for a few seconds
and sending a clear message.
No one, no one is
talking about this.
Why not?
This case needs to
be investigated.
It needs to be presented
to the American public.
It needs to be really find
out what the hell means this.
>> The events that
occurred on December 9,
2009 above the Kremlin
and on December 19,
2018 over the Pentagon may
be related to the safety
and security of the world
as world tensions escalate
and nations race to levels of
military technology we have not
seen for decades.
Is it conceivable that
we might find ourselves
facing the possibility
of a war-like conflict
of great proportions?
Might the pyramids
appearing over
the two most outstanding
symbols of power
on the planet be a
message for humanity?
Is it possible their
presence suggests, more
than ever, humanity must evolve,
lift our eyes to the sky,
and create the peaceful
future awaiting us?
In the next episode,
we explore the pyramids
from a different angle.
[MUSIC PLAYING]